
PMSock v 0.1 (ALPHA)
--------------------

This is an alpha version of PM Sockets, an OS/2 interface for IBM's TCP/IP 
based on Windows Sockets v1.1.  PM Socket's purpose is to provide easy 
porting of WinSock Windows 3.1 code to OS/2 and to be a free programmer's 
toolkit for IBM TCP/IP.


  ALPHA----ALPHA----ALPHA----ALPHA----ALPHA----ALPHA----ALPHA----ALPHA

  This is ALPHA software, meaning it is subject to major change and/or 
  major unstability.  If you use it, you become an ALPHA tester (read: 
  Guinea-Pig) and should do the following: test every feature you can; 
  note any bugs; list any desired features; and send your results to
  loflin@mail.utexas.edu.

  This software is copyright (c) 1994 by Don Loflin.  Use is free for
  noncommercial uses.  

  ALPHA----ALPHA----ALPHA----ALPHA----ALPHA----ALPHA----ALPHA----ALPHA


Currently, PMSock only supports the synchronous calls of WinSock 1.1.
A later version of PMSock will support the WinSock asynchronous calls
(such as WSAAsync_send) in the PM environment.  This may require
WinSock code using async calls (which is unfortunately most of it) to
be modified more than non-async code.  Currently, non-async WinSock
code seems to port pretty cleanly with little or no modification,
although select() type calls may run into problems if the code accesses
fd_set structures directly.  A sample OS/2 application using non-async 
calls, daytime, is included in this kit.  I have ported the IMAP 3.4 
c-client toolkit to OS/2 using PMSock, which I will make available 
shortly.  Hopefully soon I can make the CERN WWWLib available too.


Using the PM Sockets kit:
------------------------

This kit is designed for use with EMX/GCC 0.8h.  You may be able to adapt
it for use with other compilers, and I may add support for others later,
but for now, it requires EMX.  The rest of this document assumes you're
using EMX.

To write programs which use PM Sockets, include the file "pmsock.h" in
your source, add "pmsock.o" to your object file list, and add the libraries
"so32dll.a" and "tcp32dll.a" to your link step.  If you don't have the
libraries, the Makefile in the PMSock kit will create them for you from the 
corresponding DLLs if the entry for $(TCPIP) is correct.  PMSock 0.1 does not 
require the IBM TCP/IP Programmer's Toolkit.  However, to create the 
libraries, you will need the IMPLIB utility, which is included with most
compilers (except EMX).  

A later version of PM Sockets will probably convert to a single DLL or 
library, avoiding the need for implib.

